The frigid air meant nothing to them. Smiling, the boy and girl were
happy to see each other again. Offering hot chocolate with an
outstretched hand, the boy also leaned in, offering his lips to hers.
Not a long kiss, but a lingering one; their mouths hovering a
hairs-breadth apart after parting, the corners of their lips rising
like the steam of their breath.  
  
Turning and walking in stride, the girl's hand linked with the offered
arm of the boy's. Sipping her hot chocolate, and the boy his, their words 
poured from their heads and hearts as they caught up. It had really been 
too long, the distance they traveled to the home of the boy wasn't as long
as the outpouring of her stories. Of her recent exploits, the busy and
fulfilling life of one whom appreciates just existing. The doorway of 
his home loomed, the girl squeezed his arm and pressed her body towards 
his, looking up at him she smiled. Finishing her sentence with the 
puncuation of her kiss on his cheek before she detached.

Fishing his keys from his pocket with his now free hand, the jingle of
nick-knacks and a pocket knife chimed in the now silent night. Breath
held, he pushed open the door and beckoned her in. Grinning, he
performed an impromptu bow and wave of his hand.

"Welcome to my _humble_ abode"

Stepping inside, she began unclasping her coat's hooks. His shoes
already off, he was dropping the work bag he had carried into another
room and throwing his jacket onto a coat rack. Helping her out of her
coat, she turned her back to him as he slid the shoulders down. Not
removing it yet, he wrapped his arms around her, kissing where her neck,
jaw, and ear met. 

A giggle escaped her lips, murth glowing on her face as she turned her
parted lips towards his. Teasing, he pulled away and slid the rest of 
her jacket off and asked her where she wanted him to put it. Pivoting 
to face him, she raised an eyebrow as she anchored her arms onto his 
shoulders, her fingers intertwined behind his neck. Pulling herself up 
to him she whispered back _exactly_ where she wanted it. 

Bashfully blushing, he paused unsure of what to say. Deciding his
actions would speak more than he could ever figure out how to, he
reached down and squeezed her bottom, she jumped a little closer into
his arms. Her body now pressed against his, she traced a finger up 
the back of his neck, then running her hand through his short dark 
hair she kissed him hard on the mouth.

No longer constrained by being in public, each kiss was long and deep.
Their tongues meeting in the middle, exploring each other's  lips.
His body arching down to meet hers, she pushed him back up with each
kiss: hungrily covering his mouth with her own and nibbling on his
bottom lip. 

She lept up, wrapping her legs around his waist and pulling his face
down to breasts. Burying himself into her cleavage his tongue flicked in
past her shirt and bra and onto the edges of her nipples. Provoking a
sigh of pleasure to breathe heavily down his ear. Competitively, she
engaged his ear. Kissing, biting, and exploring it with her tongue. His
hands wrapping around her tightly she felt him pause as he gave into the
shivers she was sending up his spine. 

After a moment of bliss, his arms left their tight position around her
waist and shoulders, his hands finding refuge inside of her pants.
He cupped her cheek with one hand, while the other curved to find the damp
cotton of her panties. 

It was her turn to momentarily give into pleasure, his fingers finding
purchase against her soft mound. As if from a distance, she heard
herself let out a moan. Euphoric and lost in the moment, she pulled off
her shirt feeling his hand rise, almost massagingly, up her back until
it rested at the crux of her neck and shoulder. His fingers angled and
ran back down, his nails scraping her back. 

Slight pain wakened her from her trance, adrenaline rushing as she met
his mouth again, pressing hard into him. Trying to get closer and closer
with their mouths and bodies. She met his eyes then, her own halfway
closed with uncontrollable lust. Her next words came then in a breathy
whisper laced with longing:

"Bedroom?"

Sliding lithely down his body, her toes touched the floor but her mouth
didn't leave his as they moved sideways. Unable to keep their hands off
each other, pulling away clothes and discarding it whereever it fell.
Halfway to the bedroom they were both down to their underwear, pausing
in the doorway he knelt down and kissed up her leg, stopping at her
thigh to bite gently before lining her bikini line with his tongue. 
Pushing under the hem he caressed the length of her lips before feeling
her hands ruffling his hair as she pulled his face against her. Grinding
herself against him, her breath escaped in heavy pants. Wrapping a leg
over his shoulder she yelled out as his tongue traced a figure 8 around
her clit and his lower jaw pressed under her. 

Unable to control herself, she murmored for him to stop, "not yet" she
said. Rising to stand with her, he wiped his mouth off, looking into her
eyes and grinning. Laughing, she shoved him into his side of the door
frame, one hand laid on his chest, the other slipped into his shorts as
she held his gaze and in a low haughty tone whispered "my turn". 

His smile wide, "We could get to the bed first, the doorways a
little redicu--", cut off by her sudden sucking of his nipple. Tongue
flickering over the tip and soft lips gliding over the aeriola. 

Turning upwards to face him, she spoke between licks of his chest, "What
was that? I couldn't hear you". His moan of a response as she attached
herself to his chest again spoke more than he could. Sliding down his
boxer's she kissed down his chest and as gracefully as she could, knelt. 

Looking down at her, he silently worked his mouth, shaping words but not
having the air to make them. The fault of which was the ringing of the
tip of his head with her tongue. He leaned against the doorframe,
locking his legs in position so he wouldn't fall to the floor. Now it
was his turn to interleave his fingers in her hair, pushing it out of
her face and holding it back so it wouldn't get in her eyes. Eyes that
alternated between their primary focus and his own. 

Her hand glided up his leg. Feeling the muscles in his leg, tensed from
standing so rigidly, she squeezed his buttock, feeling his leg quiver a
little as she did so. Working her head up and down on him she slid a
finger btween his cheeks and lightly pressed. Not pushing or alarming,
but just stroking the outside. 

He couldn't handle it anymore. Leg's giving way to his passion, he
dropped down to the floor. Wrapping an arm around to pull her under him
as he pushed his open mouth to hers. They were on the floor, rolling,
grinding, and clutching at each other. Where-ever they could, they held
each other. Embraced, his hips began moving in tandem with hers.
Hardened member rubbing through her panties. Provoking moans from both
sides as they reveled in each other's bodies.

Tearing their remaining clothes from each other they took a pause long
enough from their sweating embrace to grab a condom off a shelf.
Lubricant thrown onto the night stand besides the bed, the girl lay
across the covers, her legs folded, she fixated her stare on him as he
closed the door and met her on the bed. 

