I open my laptop and press the button down. As the black screen glows
grey and the fan whistles I look outside.  

Up: Blue sky, fluffy white clouds. The sun in my eyes makes me look
Down: pavement, the bus driver is helping another passenger put their
bike into the rack. It's like a silent movie. I look on for a moment
trying to figure out what they're saying, what makes the girls eyes
crease in small crow-foot-ed smiles.  

Turning back to my screen I see the purple of the bootloader. Linux Mint
13 and Windows 7 stare back at me while the boot countdown ticks. Wiping
the dust off my keys I hit enter.  

"Could you please turn that down or off? It's a little disrespectful to
everybody" an unpleasant self-righteous s feminine voice echos behind me. 
The white static din from someone's  device continues on for a moment, I
can imagine whoever the owner is silently cursing the woman. The noise
gets lower, just a quiet tick and tack now. A few more comments from the
woman, but her voice is lost in the roar of the bus engine as we begin
to move again.   

I'm lost in thought again: Why do some people try to speak on the
behalf of others? An interesting debate begins in my head as I think
about how the government is really elected officials responsible for
speaking on the behalf of other people. That doesn't seem too wrong. So
why do I have a issue with someone on the bus raising their voice and
speaking for me?   

Contemplative for a moment, I decide that it's because I was enjoying
the white noise from those headphones. It sure beats the crippling
silence of the hour bus ride to work -- or the cries of the voice's
child asking questions in it's tight small voice.  

Incident resolved, I look out the window again. A broad flat plain is
sitting on the horizon. Cut off by a wall of green, gold, and red
mountains, the stark contrast with it, the grass, and the heavy fog make
a picturesque image.  

If I could just snap a picture with my mind...  


"Sit. Back..." I hear the abrupt voice snap into my world of thought.
The childs response is muted and all I can make out is "don't do that".
Great. Just what I want to hear as I try to concentrate on work before
work. The bickering of a mother and a child who clearly hasn't been
disciplined enough. Ironic, considering the mother's ability to whip the
fellow passenger into place about their music. 

I smile at the interesting point of view that an all-seeing third party
would make of this. A man just wanting to listen to music and drown out
the world. A woman scolding a child. A child's blissful ignorance of 
the world around it. And me. A bleary-eyed, disheveled, contemplative
mess of a man.  

What a world, huh?
