Standing on the porch the man surveyed the wooden deck. Three pillars to
hold up the roof, a wrap around to where the stairs down rested. Each of
the pillars aligned along the railing in front of him. Cocking his head
to the side, he looked at the bundle of rope in the one hand, and the
aging wood in front of him.

Shrugging and smiling to himself, he wrapped one end of the rope around
the stairway railing, pulling the rope through the metal loop on one end
to fasten it securely. Turning around, he strutted to the pole farthest
away from the now tied rope. He threw the rope out an angle, letting it
arc around the pillar and swing back into his waiting hand. Pulling it
through the metal ring on that end he looped it through itself and
pulled tight. 

A few more adjustments and it was done. The hammock lay stretched
diagonally across the porch. Pulling a swig from the cider on the
railing, he carefully manuevered himself over the rope netting. Lowering
himself onto it and stretching it. The weight of his body pulling each
side taut and his hand outreached for his guitar. 

Strains of blues began to drift from this hanging man. The notes rising
between the awning and railing. Rolling over the cars in the driveway
and towards the ears of those passing by. He played until he heard a
dreadful noise. The stretched and strained sound of each strand of
fabric letting go of its brothers. One of the strands dislodged, rolling
the hammock violently and tipping the man to the side. 

Balanced on his hands, the man leaned the guitar gently against the
wall. Turning, he saw the top netting had twisted around itself somehow
when he tied the loops. Standing, he loosened the knots and unwound the
twists in the rope. Throwing it back over the pole, he tied it once
again and tested his weight. More groans of the net greeted him. Sighing
to himself, he untied and rolled up the hammock.  

His goal of enjoying the blissful warmth after the cold winter, he eyed
the railing again. This time taking up a perch on it, resting his foot
against the wood, letting one leg hang down. A warm breeze blew by and
ruffled his hair playfully. Smiling, he fingered a G and let the chord
ring out over the neighborhood. One chord led to the next and soon
enough the strings of "I want to hold your hand" were echoing off his
home and onto the streets below. 

Not one to play a song for longer than too long, the chords quickly
migrated to being finger picked, and improvisation began to weave its
way into the music. The chords rang forth triumphantly between arpegios
and runs. Slowing down, a blue note sprung between the notes. Liking
what he heard, the player played it again. Running up the scale towards
the note then pulling the string into a bend and letting the sad note
swing out. 

Now the key changed, a more mellow tone started beating from his guitar.
The mix of chords and trills interjected with his hand coming hard
against the wood of the instrument. Drumming between strokes, the
strings came out, unmuted, muted, upswing, downbeat, finger taps.
His eyes closed and his hands settled into a familiar pattern, a blues
bar laced with offbeat rythm. 

As he played he watched a couple cleaning their porch across the street.
Bikers pedaling by, and the occasional jogger running. Letting the music
play out what he saw, it slowed down for the tired logging man walking
home from work, sped up for the jogger looking like encouragement
wouldn't go amiss. 

Staring in to the sky his fingers found an E major and let it shout out.
Moving the pattern of his fingers up a fret he let the spanish sounding
progression trill. Finding his next pattern within a B minor, his
fingers let it slide down into a chord he didn't know the name for. But
the spanish sound and rythm stayed strong. Getting into it, he let the
fast strumming accent each beat, imagining horses galloping and dresses
twirling. 

Opening his eyes, he spotted a toddler on a tricycle looking around,
trying to determine where the music was coming from. Drumming on the
guitar he let one of the chords sound a little louder than the others.
The note resounded off the porch to the child's ears. Chin turning up,
the kid saw and smiled. No longer pedalling and just listening. His
mother wandered from behind the wall of the house and looked up as well.
Smiling at this man playing spanish guitar for her son. They mosied
along, and the man switched it up some more. 

This went on for an hour or so. Random strangers walking by and looking
around, wondering where the music they were hearing was coming from. By
this time, the couple spring cleaning had settled into their porch swing
and were sipping on some drinks. The music had continued throughout the
hour and the man shifted on his seat. 

Transitioning into his final melody, the tune shifted into mostly
drumming. Tapping out the beat on the golden wood of his acoustic. The
muted steel strings added syncopated bounces to the tune. Letting a
major progression come out at the beginning of each self-measured
measure, the chords hit the beat hard. A, A D, D, D E, a run down and
then back up. The blues started picking up more. Pausing to drum for a
bit, he downed his cider and spun the bottle onto his finger and started
playing slide guitar with it. The swaying melody dripping onto the
driveway below. 

His fingertips raw, and the skin around his picking hand's nail red. He
shifted off the porch railing and stretched. Another warm breeze bade
him goodbye as  he walked back into his house and called his brother for
a birthday greeting. 
