
_Toilet paper and Shampoo, that's all he needs._ Shuffling through the
snow and through the parking lot he see's you. A long dark brown coat
wrapped over layers of coats. Insulation, paper, anything not in the
cart to your right is stuffed inside of you.  

Following each person with your eyes, not pleading, simply asking. Shame
is written on your face. Discomfort on his. Waking inside the store, the
familiarity of its aisles knock out a short time frame, minute for each
item. First, hair care. The white bottle selected after a moments
deliberation. Walking two aisles over, the first set of four rolls is
grabbed without care of the brand.  

A pause.  

Thoughts of seeing the man on the church porch at night, curled under
the bench. The occasional partner sharing the stoop, huddled heat the
only thing possible to give of either, but worth more than any plea
might bring. The aversion of eyes when panhandled on corners. The red
scrapes down the front of the nose. The eyes. Once proud, rejection's
taken their toll, lines outline the days of begging, deepened by the
nights of wondering if this time will be the last.  

Another aisle over, protein bars, nutrigrain, health snacks. The options
are quickly sized up. Nuts. A protein heavy and filling set of 10 bars,
each laden with nuts and sealed with oats and honey. Pulled from the
shelf, it only takes another minute to get to the cashiers line. 

Goods purchased, one hand resting on the box of food as the sliding
doors roll open as he exits. The man is still there. Walking up, the box
slides from the plastic bag and without saying a word held up and
offered.  

Surprise. Eyebrows raised, the eyes are suddenly visible. There is no
pretense, and there is no lie in the voice as the gnarled and grooved
hands close around the cardboard. "Thank you brother"  
